Kiota Dotnet Mono repo migration (#262)
microsoft/kiota-abstractions-dotnet: README.md

# Kiota Libraries for dotnet

> The Kiota abstractions libraries define the basic constructs for Kiota projects needed once an SDK has been generated from an OpenAPI definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kiota libraries define the basic constructs for Kiota projects needed once an SDK has been generated from an OpenAPI definition and provide default implementations.
```
